well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
government generally republicans
specifically
and the constitution the united states
constitution is a very unique document
in a whole lot of ways
not the least of which is a
contradiction that exists it has all of
these
lofty goals the these just amazing
ideas but it's also very self-aware
in the preamble we the people of the
united states in order to form a more
perfect union
establish justice ensure domestic
tranquility provide for the common
defense promote the general welfare
secure the blessings of liberty to
ourselves and our posterity do ordain
and establish this constitution for the
united states of america
first line form a more
perfect union more perfect not perfect
better
not best in the very first line of the
document
they acknowledge it's not right
that it's not perfect that it's gonna
need to be changed
so they enshrined the machinery for
change
they created mechanisms and protected
them
because the whole idea here is to have a
responsive government
one of we the people so
they enshrined the right to petition for
a redress of grievances
they enshrined freedom of speech freedom
of press freedom of assembly
they created a document that built a
representative democracy
because the idea is that our elected
officials
represent us they don't rule us
they have to listen and in order to
achieve this you need the machinery
for people to have their voice heard
now the u s government is
less than responsive and that's across
the board
republicans democrats independents third
parties doesn't matter
when you're talking about elected
officials at the federal level
they are not very responsive you have
some outliers
you have some people who truly listen to
their constituents
but there's not many on top of this you
have a giant bureaucracy
that isn't responsive at all so
that part is government-wide however
it is the republican party that
constantly seeks to attack the machinery
for change the method in which the
average person
can have their voice heard this is why
they suppress the vote
this is why they seek to criminalize
assembly
speech it's why they attack the media
fake news this is a method
outlined by the founders so the
government
can hear the opinions of the people
when it comes to petitioning for a
redress of grievances
when it comes to the republican party
you are always doing it wrong
there's never a right way to do it take
a knee during a song nope that's wrong
not going to listen to you
staging assembly no that's wrong not
going to listen to you
write something on social media nope
that's wrong not going to listen to you
they're undermining the machinery for
change
because they think they know better
because they have switched from
representative to ruler
they attack that machinery so they don't
have to listen to the people
and as they do that they attack the very
foundation of the united states
the constitution they attack that
machinery for change
on the off chance that the people do
actually get the attention of those in
dc
what does the republican party tend to
do whether it be climate
public health the economy racism it
doesn't matter
they just pretend like the issue doesn't
exist fake news
or they ignore it
because they don't listen to we the
people
and that's incredibly clear when they
attempt to suppress the vote
they know they don't when they attempt
to stop people from voting by whatever
means
it's really saying the same thing we're
not going to listen to you we're not
going to give you a voice in your
representative democracy
you don't get to have a voice we know
better
the constitution doesn't matter
your rights don't matter this machinery
for change
well it's just wrong we know what's best
for you little people
you better listen to your betters
the problem is it's the government's
duty to listen
that's their job they are
representatives not rulers
if you were in elected office and
you were the sort that the republican
party paints themselves to be
the people who are always looking out
for the little guy
friend of the working class and all of
that that's a popular thing right there
why would you not want a referendum why
would you not want more people to vote
if the image if the propaganda the
republican party pushes is true
they should want everybody to vote they
should want mandatory voting
because it would show that they have
consent of the governed
when they attempt to suppress the vote
and
undermine the integrity of the election
they show very clearly that they know
they don't
that their goal is to rule not represent
that they have abandoned their duty and
abandoned the constitution
rather than protecting the machinery for
change and encouraging
its use which is their job they're
holding a lighter
to the constitution and attempting to
undermine it
at every opportunity
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day